IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md, before:

# Wallet Authentication Implementation Summary

## What We've Implemented

### 1. Database Schema Updates ✅

**Updated `src/lib/supabase/schema.sql`:**
- Added `wallet_address TEXT UNIQUE` column to the `users` table
- Added index `idx_users_wallet_address` for fast lookups
- Maintained all existing functionality

### 2. TypeScript Types ✅

**Updated `src/types/database.ts`:**
- Added `wallet_address: string | null` to all user type definitions
- Updated Row, Insert, and Update interfaces

### 3. Database Functions ✅

**Updated `src/lib/supabase/database.ts`:**
- `getUserByWalletAddress(walletAddress)`: Find user by wallet address
- `linkWalletToUser(walletAddress, userData)`: Main authentication function for login flow
- Updated `findOrCreateUserByWallet()` to use the new column
- All functions now use the dedicated `wallet_address` column

### 4. Authentication Context ✅

**Updated `src/context/AuthContext.tsx`:**
- Integrated `linkWalletToUser()` function throughout the authentication flow
- Comprehensive logging for debugging
- Proper session management
- Fallback handling for database errors

### 5. Documentation ✅

**Created `WALLET_AUTHENTICATION.md`:**
- Complete flow documentation
- Setup instructions
- Security considerations
- Troubleshooting guide

## How It Works

### Login Flow

1. **User clicks login** → `LoginModal.tsx` calls `connectWallet()`
2. **Wallet connection** → ThirdWeb handles wallet connection
3. **User linking** → `linkWalletToUser()` checks if user exists for wallet address
4. **Account creation/retrieval** → Creates new user if none exists, or returns existing user
5. **Session setup** → User profile stored in React state and sessionStorage

### Key Benefits

- ✅ **Unique wallet addresses**: Each wallet can only be linked to one account
- ✅ **Automatic user creation**: New users are created seamlessly on first login
- ✅ **Persistent sessions**: Users stay logged in across browser sessions
- ✅ **Database integration**: All user data is properly stored in Supabase
- ✅ **Error handling**: Comprehensive fallbacks for database issues

## Next Steps for You

### 1. Update Supabase Database

1. Go to your Supabase dashboard
2. Navigate to SQL Editor
3. Delete existing tables (or create new project)
4. Run the updated `src/lib/supabase/schema.sql`
5. Run `src/lib/supabase/seed.sql` for sample data

### 2. Test the Implementation

1. Start development server: `npm run dev`
2. Click "Login with Google" 
3. Complete wallet connection
4. Check Supabase dashboard to see user created with wallet address

### 3. Verify Database

Check that users table has:
- `id` (UUID primary key)
- `name`, `avatar`, `bio` (user profile data)
- `wallet_address` (unique, indexed)
- `followers`, `following` (social features)
- `created_at`, `updated_at` (timestamps)

## Code Changes Made

### Files Modified:
- `src/lib/supabase/schema.sql` - Added wallet_address column
- `src/types/database.ts` - Updated TypeScript types
- `src/lib/supabase/database.ts` - Updated database functions
- `src/context/AuthContext.tsx` - Updated authentication flow

### Files Created:
- `WALLET_AUTHENTICATION.md` - Complete documentation
- `IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md` - This summary

### Files Removed:
- Migration scripts (not needed since recreating database)

## Testing Checklist

- [ ] Database schema updated in Supabase
- [ ] Application starts without errors
- [ ] Login button works
- [ ] Wallet connection successful
- [ ] User created in database with wallet_address
- [ ] User can logout and login again
- [ ] Session persists across browser refresh
- [ ] Multiple wallets create separate users

The implementation is complete and ready for testing!

Commit message:

Improve README documentation
- Fixed internal link reference from 'Database Configuration' to 'Database Setup'
- Added table of contents to BUILDER_AUTHENTICATION.md for better navigation
- Enhanced documentation structure with proper cross-references
- All documentation files now have consistent navigation aids

IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md, after:

# Wallet Authentication Implementation Summary

> This document details the wallet authentication implementation for the [Akreage platform](./README.md).

## Table of Contents
- [What We've Implemented](#what-weve-implemented)
- [How It Works](#how-it-works)
- [Testing Instructions](#testing-instructions)
- [Files Modified](#files-modified)

## What We've Implemented

### 1. Database Schema Updates ✅

**Updated `src/lib/supabase/schema.sql`:**
- Added `wallet_address TEXT UNIQUE` column to the `users` table
- Added index `idx_users_wallet_address` for fast lookups
- Maintained all existing functionality

### 2. TypeScript Types ✅

**Updated `src/types/database.ts`:**
- Added `wallet_address: string | null` to all user type definitions
- Updated Row, Insert, and Update interfaces

### 3. Database Functions ✅

**Updated `src/lib/supabase/database.ts`:**
- `getUserByWalletAddress(walletAddress)`: Find user by wallet address
- `linkWalletToUser(walletAddress, userData)`: Main authentication function for login flow
- Updated `findOrCreateUserByWallet()` to use the new column
- All functions now use the dedicated `wallet_address` column

### 4. Authentication Context ✅

**Updated `src/context/AuthContext.tsx`:**
- Integrated `linkWalletToUser()` function throughout the authentication flow
- Comprehensive logging for debugging
- Proper session management
- Fallback handling for database errors

### 5. Documentation ✅

**Created comprehensive documentation:**
- Complete flow documentation in this summary
- Setup instructions in [SUPABASE_SETUP.md](./SUPABASE_SETUP.md)
- Security considerations
- Troubleshooting guide

## How It Works

### Login Flow

1. **User clicks login** → `LoginModal.tsx` calls `connectWallet()`
2. **Wallet connection** → ThirdWeb handles wallet connection
3. **User linking** → `linkWalletToUser()` checks if user exists for wallet address
4. **Account creation/retrieval** → Creates new user if none exists, or returns existing user
5. **Session setup** → User profile stored in React state and sessionStorage

### Key Benefits

- ✅ **Unique wallet addresses**: Each wallet can only be linked to one account
- ✅ **Automatic user creation**: New users are created seamlessly on first login
- ✅ **Persistent sessions**: Users stay logged in across browser sessions
- ✅ **Database integration**: All user data is properly stored in Supabase
- ✅ **Error handling**: Comprehensive fallbacks for database issues

## Next Steps for You

### 1. Update Supabase Database

1. Go to your Supabase dashboard
2. Navigate to SQL Editor
3. Delete existing tables (or create new project)
4. Run the updated `src/lib/supabase/schema.sql`
5. Run `src/lib/supabase/seed.sql` for sample data

### 2. Test the Implementation

1. Start development server: 
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
2. Click "Login with Google" 
3. Complete wallet connection
4. Check Supabase dashboard to see user created with wallet address

### 3. Verify Database

Check that users table has:
- `id` (UUID primary key)
- `name`, `avatar`, `bio` (user profile data)
- `wallet_address` (unique, indexed)
- `followers`, `following` (social features)
- `created_at`, `updated_at` (timestamps)

## Code Changes Made

### Files Modified:
- `src/lib/supabase/schema.sql` - Added wallet_address column
- `src/types/database.ts` - Updated TypeScript types
- `src/lib/supabase/database.ts` - Updated database functions
- `src/context/AuthContext.tsx` - Updated authentication flow

### Files Created:
- `IMPLEMENTATION_SUMMARY.md` - This summary
- `BUILDER_AUTHENTICATION.md` - Builder authentication documentation

### Files Removed:
- Migration scripts (not needed since recreating database)

## Testing Checklist

- [ ] Database schema updated in Supabase
- [ ] Application starts without errors
- [ ] Login button works
- [ ] Wallet connection successful
- [ ] User created in database with wallet_address
- [ ] User can logout and login again
- [ ] Session persists across browser refresh
- [ ] Multiple wallets create separate users

The implementation is complete and ready for testing!
